well, first of all, welcome to the
code 2 to know the actual speed of
our internet connection is useful and it is
simple to do in this tutorial
we will explain how you can get
this without the need to install any
additional program simply with the
functions that the same windows 7 us
offers
Well, the first step is to
place the mouse cursor over the
taskbar and then do
Right click on it
a contextual menu will open let's search
the item that says start the
task manager
we click on him
the administrator window opens
tasks look for the tab named
network functions
then look for the button
menu with name see
we click on him
and in the menu that appears we look for the
item that says select columns
in the window to select columns
we enable the check boxes
vice sent by interval
and vice received by interval
then we click on accept
in the task manager window
two new indicators appear this
here bytes sent by intervals that
they reflect the amount of information
reflected in bytes that your computer
is sending through your connection to
internet but the most important value is
this here bytes in received by
interval this is the amount of
information that is your computer is
receiving through your connection to
Internet
the figure shown here is reflected
I say again in bytes which
means that if you want to get the
amount in each byte should divide the
x 1024 if you do not want to get so complicated
I simply recommend that you
divide between 1000 so that if here
you see a value for example of 200 thousand
let's say that would mean that the
actual download speed data
data download would be approximately
200 megabytes per second
and with this you get an information
real and accurate at all times and without
need to download any program
additional